hey y'all well I was recently pricing at
some christian louboutin booties for
fall and winter and I decided that I can
probably make do the ones I already have
yes these bad girls are going on their
fourth season but you never know it
because I took him to my cobbler and had
him just completely redo him and look at
this magical thing that he did he put
red rubber Vibram sole on the bottom so
that it's a little more cushy and it
gives you a little more traction like on
a web sidewalk he fixed the tap the heel
tap and kind of made the heel a little
nicer because that's the first place
that shows where and I'm ready to go so
she's going for her fourth season and
looking pretty fun i gotta say i also
took these in these these these girls
are gone this is uh we're going to five
years five years with these shoes same
thing they put that they put the veeram
soul on there and fixed up the heel made
it look really cute and i'm ready to go
again these are just been such a
workhorse I mean you can't kill the good
shoe if you just take good care of it
they just go forever and ever now if you
step in a sidewalk great like I have a
proclivity to doing here in New York
City and you mess up the bottom of the
heel right there I just used until I can
get into my guy just use a little
Sharpie little blue sharpie that matches
so at least it's not so hideous and
glaring that's just a quick little tip
for that now two things that will make
your shoes super comfy if you have boots
that are maybe a little you know a
little too big or whatever you want to
fill it up a little bit these are not
only they keep your toesies warm but
they cushy their cushy and if you have
shoes that are a little bit too big like
the shoes that I sometimes borrow from
my sister and somehow never give back
but her foot is the size bigger than
mine is I put these in there and they're
just fine so thanks for that sis and
then these are fantastic i've been
talking about these for ages the bottom
of the foot cushion both of these are by
Pro foot you can get them at drugstore
com the pump patches or the bottom of
the foot cushion and there you know six
or seven or eight books or walgreens I
think I can find them at walgreens a
bunch there too alright I hope that
helps so shop your own closet make
friends with your shoe
guy and and hoof it it's all good all
right check back here soon as always
helping me stay as glamorous and sexy
and frisky and comfortable as you can
stand to be Maddie Roberts